>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>DAVID WEATHERLY:
Hands down, for me,
the creepiest story
that I've come across,
just because I could sort of
identify with it personally.
But what happened
was this gentleman
contacted me, military man.
He has family all over Texas.
He was visiting
family in east Texas.
Decided he wanted to see some
of his relatives in west Texas.
And this young man, he
likes to drive at night,
watch the stars, and
just kind of buzz
across those lonely Texas roads.
As he's done many
times, he takes off,
got his thermos full of
coffee, and it's a black night.
He's driving along.
These back roads in
Texas, a lot of times
you can hit just long stretches,
no houses, no nothing.
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Jeez.
You scared the hell
out of me, kid.
>>I want to get in your truck.
>>Do you live around here, kid?
>>Just let me get in your truck.
We can go for a ride.
>>Do you need to get home?
Do you live around here?
>>Just open the door
and tell me to get in.
We'll have a short ride.
>>I don't-- I don't
think so, kid.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
>>WEATHERLY: He gets down
the road a little bit,
his training starts to kick in.
I'm trained military.
Why am I running from a kid?
Then he starts
thinking logically.
Maybe this is a kid
that really needed help.
Hits a u-turn, goes back to
the spot, finds the exact spot.
Searches with a flashlight,
searches everywhere.
No sign of this kid anywhere.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
>>WEATHERLY: He's
looking all around
in the distance for any kind
of a light from a house,
an outside light, something.
There's nothing.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
what you have just seen
is an excerpt from LA
Marzulli's "The Watcher" series.
This segment, of course,
was on black eyed children.
And with us on "Beyond
Belief" is David Weatherly.
David is a paranormal
investigator and also
the author of "The
Black Eyed Children."
Gotta be one of the scariest
subjects I have ever
encountered, David.
>>WEATHERLY: I
think it is, George.
I've been doing
this a lot of years.
You know, I started pursuing
these things in the '70s.
And it's hands down
one of the creepiest
things I've ever investigated.
>>NOORY: Extremely.
Extremely.
How did this come
to you, this story?
>>WEATHERLY: You
know, in the '90s,
with the advent
of the internet, I
started hearing some
of these stories.
I always keep up on any kind
of strange, paranormal events,
ancient mysteries--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WEATHERLY: --all of
those types of things.
So the internet,
of course, to a lot
of people like us
was a real blessing,
you know, because all of a
sudden a flood of information.
And of course--
>>NOORY: Made it easy.
>>WEATHERLY: --along
with that came
some real questionable stories.
So I started hearing these
accounts and thought,
this is pretty interesting.
It's a strange twist.
It could be an urban legend.
It could be that there's
something more to it.
But then I started
meeting people
who told me they had
encountered these things.
And sitting down
and interviewing
someone who's had an
encounter with these kids,
it's like working
with a trauma victim.
>>NOORY: Oh.
It's unbelievable.
You know, what we
just saw was just
a small representative
portion of what's out there.
That is scary stuff.
So let's go back
just a little bit.
Let's talk about the
evil eye, first of all.
What is that?
>>WEATHERLY: George,
I actually brought
you a little gift from
some of my recent travels,
because you know I'm
on the road a lot.
>>NOORY: --a little present.
>>WEATHERLY: Now, this
is called a nazar.
>>NOORY: Oh, wow.
>>WEATHERLY: And this
was made in Turkey.
I got it in Italy from a Syrian.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WEATHERLY: Now, I say that
just to illustrate the point.
The evil eye is the most
widespread superstition.
>>NOORY: Can I take
this on a plane later?
>>WEATHERLY: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WEATHERLY: You can take it.
You can wear it.
You can carry it.
You can hang it in your
office or your studio.
The idea is that it
wards off the evil eye.
>>NOORY: It wards
off the evil eye.
>>WEATHERLY: It wards
>>NOORY: So that is good stuff.
>>WEATHERLY: Yes, that's good.
Stuff it's considered
the primary protection,
the most widespread protection.
You go to Europe,
the Mediterranean,
you see this emblem painted on
boats, hanging in shop windows,
in taxi cabs.
>>NOORY: I love that.
>>WEATHERLY:
Virtually everywhere.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>WEATHERLY: And it
literally is, it's
all over the world, the
belief in this evil eye.
And it's the idea
that negative energy
can be transmitted through
the eyes and onto a person.
This goes way back to--
>>NOORY: Windows to
the soul, you know.
>>WEATHERLY: That's right.
That's right.
It goes way back in history.
In fact, one of the
popes-- Pope Pius IV--
they considered him
to have the evil eye.
And people were literally
afraid to make eye contact
with the pope during that time.
>>NOORY: Not good to be
a pope with an evil eye.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
Not at that time.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WEATHERLY: So yeah,
very widespread belief.
And it's interesting.
You know, I started digging
into that a little bit more
after investigating all
these weird black eyed kid
encounters because the
black eyed kid accounts, one
of the things I set out to do
when I started investigating
this was I wanted to find out
if this predated television,
internet, anything
that could make
it a contemporary urban legend.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WEATHERLY: Because even now--
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>WEATHERLY: --a
lot of people still
believe oh, this
is a modern thing.
Someone made it up.
Because the most famous account
appeared in '97 from a Texas
journalist named Brian Bethel.
Had a personal encounter
with these things.
Posted it on the internet.
The term "black eyed kid"
shows up during those accounts,
and that's what stuck.
So I found that when I started
probing into these things
that you had to
discard that term
and start looking for
the same parameters
around these accounts.
And that's when old
cases started showing up.
And they're still-- constantly.
There are more and more cases.
>>NOORY: And how far back
have you been able to go?
>>WEATHERLY: Well, I had a
really fascinating account
from the 1950s, early 1950s.
>>NOORY: Tell us the story.
>>WEATHERLY: Really
strange encounter.
Young man, rural area,
very simple people.
This young man is walking home.
And he's literally walking
down the dirt lane that
leads to his house and
he sees this young boy
leaning against a fence post.
Now, he doesn't know this boy.
He knows everyone
in the community.
And he stops and
starts talking to him.
>>NOORY: Little kid, then.
>>WEATHERLY: Yeah.
He was eight, 10 years old.
Somewhere in that range.
>>NOORY: OK, yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: So
this young man stops
and starts talking
to this kid and says,
hey, what are you
doing out here?
And things like that.
Just normal country terms.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WEATHERLY: This kid who's
kind of leaning with his head
down like this against
the post suddenly
looks up at this young man,
solid black eyes, and says,
I want to go to your house.
You take me up to your house.
>>NOORY: Uh.
Uh.
>>WEATHERLY: This
gentleman just--
>>NOORY: Freaked.
>>WEATHERLY: Yeah.
He felt a chill.
He immediately feels terrified.
And he's thinking-- he's only
thinking-- how fast can I
run up the lane and get home?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: As if this black
eyed child has read his mind,
he immediately responds, says,
don't you run away from me.
You're going to take
me up to your house.
>>NOORY: That's freaky.
>>WEATHERLY: So this
gentleman, by all accounts,
broke every speed
record he'd ever made,
making it to his door.
>>NOORY: Isn't it
interesting how adults
fear a little eight-year-old.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
>>NOORY: Little squirt.
But there's much
more going on here.
This particular
case, this gentleman,
he burst into his home.
His mother and father are there.
And they're saying,
you know, why are you
tearing in here like that?
What's happening?
He blurts out the story.
Their immediate response-- oh,
I should add one more thing.
As he's running away
from this child,
he hears what he describes as
the scream of a bobcat coming
from this child behind him,
which of course compels
him to run all the faster.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WEATHERLY: So his
parents hear this story.
And bear in mind, the
term "black eyed child"
is never used. "Black
eyed kid" is never used.
Their immediate response
is, you've met the devil.
We're taking you
down to the preacher.
So you know, here we have
the cultural lens of the time
period and the people
identifying this
as best as they can.
So their interpretation is--
>>NOORY: --the devil.
>>WEATHERLY: --this
is the devil.
You know, this is the--
>>NOORY: Evil.
>>WEATHERLY: You've met the
devil at the crossroads,
or on the road.
>>NOORY: In the shape
of a little boy.
>>WEATHERLY: In
the shape of a boy.
And the idea, which shows
up a lot in demonology,
that anything demonic can't
fully take human form.
Something has to be
distorted, whether it's
a hand or a foot,
maybe the eyes.
>>NOORY: Or the eyes.
Or the eyes.
So David, exactly what
are black eyed children?
>>WEATHERLY: You know, George,
despite all the investigation
and other people aside from
me investigating these things,
the jury is sort of out
on exactly what they are.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WEATHERLY: Now, we can look
at a lot of identifying traits
in these encounters.
First of all, of course,
the solid black eyes.
No whites, no pupils, nothing.
>>NOORY: Which is weird.
Biologically weird.
>>WEATHERLY: It is
biologically weird.
And of course, you know,
physicians will tell you
that if someone had
a solid black eye,
that they would be
blind essentially.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WEATHERLY: Might represent
some kind of head trauma
or something like that.
Now, there are other
traits that show up, too.
Most people say that these
kids have pale or pasty skin.
Some people say it
looks artificial.
>>NOORY: Like a covering?
>>WEATHERLY: Possibly.
Sort of hearkens back
to men in black cases.
You know, a lot of people
describe them as having--
>>NOORY: Pasty.
>>WEATHERLY: --skin that
doesn't look natural.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: And you hear
that a lot with these kids.
The age range usually falls
somewhere between eight and 12
years old is what the
most common accounts say.
You see a little
bit outside of that.
Even now, there are
some black eyed adults
that have started showing up.
But other traits are a very
monotone way of speaking.
Unusual request.
You know, they'll show
up at a stranger's door
and they'll say,
oh, we just thought
we'd come in for a while.
>>NOORY: Like they're invited?
>>WEATHERLY: Exactly.
Exactly.
In fact, here's a
typical encounter
for people who
aren't really that
familiar with these things.
Guy comes home from work.
You know, it's early evening.
He's in the kitchen
making a sandwich
or opening a beer or something.
And then it starts.
[RHYTHMIC KNOCKING]
>>NOORY: A deliberate knock.
>>WEATHERLY: And
it doesn't stop.
It's monotonous.
You know, imagine yourself.
>>NOORY: Most people
would just go--
[FAST KNOCKING]
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
If they knock.
>>NOORY: --and wait.
>>WEATHERLY: Imagine
yourself in that position.
You know, your first
thought probably
is, why aren't they
using the doorbell?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: And why
won't they stop knocking?
Go to the door, open it.
Anywhere from one to three
kids, eight, 10, 12 years old,
standing outside your door.
>>NOORY: Looking up at you.
>>WEATHERLY: Well, almost always
they're standing like this.
Head sort of looking
down at their shoes.
>>NOORY: Oh, they
hide their eyes.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
Initially.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WEATHERLY: Virtually
everyone I've
interviewed, they go
through about three stages
with these encounters.
They open the door
and first see the kids
and they just have this
feeling that something's not
quite right.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WEATHERLY: Now, they've never
seen these children before.
A lot of times, these
happen in neighborhoods
where the people know everyone
who lives in their community.
So there's a slight
unease that starts
to increase dramatically when
these children start talking.
Because these monotone
phrases start coming out
and they're weird.
You know.
Hey, it might rain.
You need to let us in for a bit.
>>NOORY: Out of nowhere, right?
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
So the unease--
>>NOORY: We're hungry.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
The unease grows very quickly
to outright nervousness.
>>NOORY: Have people ever
just slammed the door?
>>WEATHERLY: Well, they do.
Because during these
encounters, inevitably
what happens is the people
try to interact with them
and say things like,
I don't know you guys.
Or I think you have
the wrong house.
Things like that.
At some point, these children
will raise their heads
and make eye contact.
And that's when
the level of fear
really spikes in the victim.
>>NOORY: That's
when it's creepy.
>>WEATHERLY: And it's just
like, this is too much.
And they slam the
door on these kids.
>>NOORY: Now, when you open
the door, are they gone?
>>WEATHERLY: Gone.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>WEATHERLY: They vanish.
>>NOORY: When you reject
them, they disappear.
>>WEATHERLY: There is an account
in the book from a police
officer who encountered a
pair of these kids, a boy
and a girl, standing
on the deck of a house
in the middle of the morning.
It was like 3:30 in the morning.
>>NOORY: Called by somebody?
>>WEATHERLY: He was called.
Actually, the
house next door, he
was called on a
domestic disturbance.
He went in.
He settled the issue.
No arrest made.
He's out in his patrol car,
happens to be just looking
around the neighborhood as--
>>NOORY: A good cop would do.
>>WEATHERLY:
--officers would do.
He sees the house next
door, which has a deck.
He sees these two young
kids standing on this deck.
And he's thinking, why
are these kids out here
at this time of the morning?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: So he approaches
them, and they're acting
very strange, of course.
He goes up the deck, which
has one flight of steps.
>>NOORY: Heads are down, right?
>>WEATHERLY: He gets a
good look at these kids.
And his first thought is that
this is an abuse situation.
Oh, these kids have been
forced out of the house.
Or there's some kind of--
>>NOORY: Something's wrong.
>>WEATHERLY: --maybe
drug abuse going on,
because they look
very strange to him.
>>NOORY: Their eyes have
dilated, that kind of thing.
>>WEATHERLY: So
all of these things
are running through his head.
And he starts asking
the normal questions.
Why are you out
here, and so forth.
They won't let us in.
>>NOORY: That's
what the kids said?
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
>>NOORY: They won't let us in.
>>WEATHERLY: So police officer,
of course, opens the door.
>>NOORY: Knocks on the door.
>>WEATHERLY: Knocks
very loudly on the door.
>>NOORY: Wants to know why
the parents won't let them in.
>>WEATHERLY: Announces
law enforcement.
Takes a few knocks.
But during this
exchange, he turns around
and these kids have
vanished, George.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>WEATHERLY: Now, he's up
on a deck with a railing.
They would have to
climb the railing
and leap over into
the yard, because--
>>NOORY: And he
would have seen that.
>>WEATHERLY: --he's essentially
blocking the steps where
he's standing at the door.
He would have seen it.
He would have heard it.
>>NOORY: So it's like
they dematerialize.
>>WEATHERLY: They have vanished.
Of course, when the person
finally comes to the door,
it's an older woman
who has no children,
has no idea what
he's talking about.
No one's come to her door.
It's just a bizarre encounter.
>>NOORY: He turns to look at
the kids and they're gone.
>>WEATHERLY: Oh, and this has
unnerved this man for years.
You know, he's searched,
of course, the yard.
And no trees.
Nothing for them to hide behind.
He searches the neighborhood.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WEATHERLY: And last
time I spoke with him,
he told me that he still goes
back there on occasion just
to see--
>>NOORY: Creepy.
>>WEATHERLY: --if there's any
kids in that neighborhood that
match that description because
it was so unsettling to him.
>>NOORY: Tell me about the
disappearances of them.
So they seem to appear
and disappear at will.
>>WEATHERLY: It
appears that way.
And it's almost like they go
through some kind of portal
or something.
Because it's so sudden.
And when you have someone
who's a trained observer,
like a law enforcement officer,
who his very life depends
on him paying attention, right?
Listening to all the
sounds and watching things.
And long enough for him to
turn around, knock on a door,
and turn back, and these
kids have vanished?
There's something very unnatural
going on here, obviously.
>>NOORY: The request.
The goal and the mission of
these black eyed children
is to get in the house.
>>WEATHERLY: That's what it
appears from the request.
They want to be invited
inside, whether it's inside
a home, a business, a vehicle.
>>NOORY: They can't come in
on their own, it sounds like.
>>WEATHERLY: It doesn't
appear that way, which
is curious because again, here
we have another connection
to a different type of
paranormal or supernatural
history.
Because traditional vampire
lore, of all things,
says that a vampire can't
come in unless it's invited.
>>NOORY: It must
be invited, yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: But what
a lot of people forget
is that the same
is true for demons.
In classical demonology,
a demon can't
enter-- whether it's a
home or a person's body--
unless some type of
invitation has been issued.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WEATHERLY: The opening
has been created.
>>NOORY: And if you
don't let them in,
they seem to disappear.
>>WEATHERLY: They do.
They do.
But you know, George, after
listening to so many people,
I think that a big part
of these encounters
is that level of
fear that's created.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WEATHERLY: And
you get the sense
when you listen to these
accounts over and over again
that these things appear just
to create this incredible level
of fear in people.
And it's as if, OK, we're done.
I think they're feeding
on it because it's energy.
Fear is energy.
>>NOORY: Has anybody ever
reportedly let them in?
>>WEATHERLY: Oh, boy.
You know, I get a lot
of reports even now
of people who claim to have--
>>NOORY: Seen them.
>>WEATHERLY: --had them
in the house and so forth.
And unfortunately,
so many of them
are very difficult
to follow up on.
Now, there were a handful
that I had that I investigated
when I was writing the book.
And one that was just
absolutely incredible.
I was able to interview
the entire family.
It was a very
disturbing account.
And that story's
a little bit long,
but I'm happy to
share it with you--
>>NOORY: Yeah, please.
>>WEATHERLY: --if
you want to hear it.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>WEATHERLY: This
is a young woman
who has a child of her own.
She's driving home from work.
And it's a rural area.
She pulls into a convenience
store in her vehicle
and she leaves her child in the
back seat, jumps out to run in
and grab a loaf of bread.
>>NOORY: Not a good thing to do.
>>WEATHERLY: Not a
good thing to do.
>>NOORY: Don't leave
your kid alone.
>>WEATHERLY: But bear in mind,
this is small town America.
And you know, everyone
knows everyone.
And this is a pattern that this
woman has done countless times.
She won't do it
anymore, I can tell you.
So she runs into the convenience
store, grabs her milk or bread
or whatever.
She comes back out.
Autopilot.
I'm sure you know
how this is, George.
Jumping in the vehicle,
tossing the bag in the seat,
turning the key, looking
in the view mirror.
And there it is.
This kid with solid black eyes
looking at her in the rear view
mirror.
>>NOORY: Next to the baby?
>>WEATHERLY: Sitting
right beside her child.
>>NOORY: Uh.
>>WEATHERLY: So this--
>>NOORY: What's the baby doing?
>>WEATHERLY: Oh,
it's not a baby.
It's a young boy.
As memory serves me, he's
around 10 years old himself.
>>NOORY: OK.
He's not panicking or
screaming or anything.
>>WEATHERLY: No.
Acting completely normal.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WEATHERLY: But sitting
right beside him.
And obviously three people
can sit in the back seat.
No.
This black eyed child
is right beside this boy
making physical
contact with him,
now staring in the
rear view mirror.
Instant panic on
the mother's part.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WEATHERLY: She leaps
out of the vehicle.
She yanks open the back door,
pulls her son out, rushes back
into the convenience store.
The clerk, of course, is
around the counter saying,
what's happened?
What's wrong?
She's just sort of
stuttering and stammering.
She can't even--
>>NOORY: She's in shock.
>>WEATHERLY: --explain this.
She basically says, there's
somebody in my vehicle.
Clerk runs out.
There's the vehicle--
>>NOORY: Empty.
>>WEATHERLY: --engine
running, doors open, empty.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: Nothing.
Now, this mother won't explain
what she has seen to the clerk.
She calls her
husband because she's
afraid to get back
in the vehicle.
She says, I just need you
to come here to the store.
Won't explain to him
what's going on, either.
Husband gets there.
She still won't explain it.
She says will you drive--
let me drive your truck home.
>>NOORY: Freaky.
>>WEATHERLY: I can't get
back in that vehicle.
He's like, OK.
We need to talk about this
at home, but all right.
She takes her husband's vehicle
with her son, goes home.
Husband takes the vehicle that
the black eyed child was in,
heads home.
It's only a few miles.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: He's in a
wreck, totals the vehicle.
Blacks out.
The last thing he
remembered in the hospital
was a foul odor overwhelming
him in the vehicle.
>>NOORY: Like the kid was
still in there somehow.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
So the other
portion of this case
is that the husband
fortunately was OK.
He had some minor bumps and
bruises, mild concussion,
I think.
But they released him
from the hospital.
The mother meanwhile
is trying to determine
exactly what happened.
So she's asking her son.
She says, who was that boy?
Do you know him from school?
Oh, I don't know him, Mommy.
He just asked if he
could get in our car.
I thought we could go
to my house and play.
>>NOORY: Uh.
So he let him in.
>>WEATHERLY: He let him in.
He invited him in because
he thought oh, here's
a potential playmate.
But you know, George,
like most young kids,
they don't see race,
religion, or anything else.
>>NOORY: No, they
don't see that.
>>WEATHERLY: So a
physical difference,
a lot of times for kids
that age, it's, OK.
You know, he looks
a little different.
But maybe this is a friend.
But the disturbing
side to this account
is that this young boy, this
10-year-old, he became ill.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>WEATHERLY: Parents
took him to the hospital.
And so he's got these
symptoms, check him out.
This case stretched on and on.
The doctors could not figure out
what was wrong with this child.
>>NOORY: Was he dying?
>>WEATHERLY: No.
The reason they couldn't
figure out what was wrong
is because every time they
thought they had him diagnosed,
the symptoms changed.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>WEATHERLY: So he broke out.
And they said, oh, well
he has the measles.
So they start to prepare
to treat the measles.
>>NOORY: Then he's
got something else.
>>WEATHERLY: Something
else happens.
They thought he had measles.
They thought he
had appendicitis.
They thought he had a flu.
Every time, it would
be something different.
He would spike a high
fever, and then it
would go away like that before
they could even treat it.
Finally, the parents--
who, of course,
did not tell the doctors--
>>NOORY: About the kid.
>>WEATHERLY: --we've
seen a black eyed kid.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: They
decide well, we're
just going to take him home.
Maybe it's just the flu.
And nurse him back to health.
Parents took the child home.
Eventually, started
calling in other friends
that they could trust
and essentially started
a prayer circle
around this boy that
lasted for quite some time.
He fully recovered.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WEATHERLY: And you know,
he's healthy and happy
at this point.
>>NOORY: David,
what is your take
of these black eyed children?
What do you think they want?
The effort of trying
to get into your house,
to trying to be there.
What do they want?
Are they after our souls?
What's going on here?
>>WEATHERLY: You know,
George, after countless cases
interviewing so many people--
and when I wrote the book,
I was very objective about it.
I said, it could be this.
It could be this.
>>NOORY: Could be that, right.
>>WEATHERLY: They have things
in common with alien hybrids,
with demons, with men in black.
A wide range of phenomena.
My personal opinion, however,
is that these things are
something inter-dimensional.
I think they're simply
coming through from--
>>NOORY: They come and go.
>>WEATHERLY: --another
level of existence,
which science is now admitting
that there are other realities.
>>NOORY: Are they in human
form on the other side?
>>WEATHERLY: I don't know.
>>NOORY: Or do they
take these shapes?
>>WEATHERLY: I don't
think they are.
I think they take
a childlike form
because what better way to
catch someone off guard?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WEATHERLY: We're hard wired
as adults that if a kid shows up
and says, I need help--
>>NOORY: You're
going to help them.
>>WEATHERLY: --your
natural reaction, yeah.
>>NOORY: You're
going to help them.
>>WEATHERLY: Even if it's a
kid showing up at your door
and saying, I really need
a drink of water, mister.
Your natural
inclination is to help.
>>NOORY: And let them in.
>>WEATHERLY: So
you're off guard.
So I think that whatever
these entities are,
they're taking the
form of a child
in order to catch
people off guard
and create that level of
fear in people so they
can feed on the energy.
>>NOORY: Why haven't
they gone the distance
and corrected the eyes?
>>WEATHERLY: You know--
>>NOORY: If you're going to
take the shape of a little kid
and you have that, why
still stay with black eyes?
There's something
weird about that.
>>WEATHERLY: There is
something weird about it.
And it's one of those
questions about this mystery
that we kind of don't know.
I think that I'm
starting to see evidence
for whatever these entities
are existing much further
back in history.
And I say that because
one, so many accounts
keep showing up from the
'70s, the '50s, the '40s,
of encounters with these
beings that essentially
fit the same paradigm.
Then you've got other
unsettling things.
Urfa Man.
Have you ever seen
this thing, George?
>>NOORY: No.
Tell me about this.
>>WEATHERLY: Urfa Man is a
statue found at Gobekli Tepe.
It's somewhere in the
neighborhood of 13,000 years
old.
But it's a statue of what they
think is a male figure that
was carved that long ago.
Whoever did it took
the time to carve eyes
out of black obsidian.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>WEATHERLY: So here you
have this weird statue--
>>NOORY: With black eyes.
>>WEATHERLY: --13 and a
half thousand years old
with solid black eyes.
I've talked to a lot of
people, archaeologists
like Robert Shaw.
Of course, Linda
Moulton Howe, she and I
had a long discussion
about this.
And everyone who's been in
the presence of this statue
says that there is a very
unsettling feeling about it.
Now, why did someone
13 and a half
thousand years ago choose
to depict an entity
with solid black eyes?
>>NOORY: With solid black eyes.
>>WEATHERLY: That's a
really strange thing.
>>NOORY: Unless he
witnessed these.
>>WEATHERLY: Or
something akin to it.
>>NOORY: Something happened.
>>WEATHERLY: Yeah.
So you know, why they
don't go the distance
and change their eyes, that's
a really good question.
Maybe they're not able to.
>>NOORY: Maybe
they're not able to.
Has anybody died from
being associated with them?
>>WEATHERLY: There
are a lot of cases
where people think these things
are an omen of some type.
>>NOORY: Harbinger
of something bad.
>>WEATHERLY: Harbinger of
bad luck or bad fortune.
So you know, there
are accounts of people
seeing these black
eyed children and then
having a string of bad
luck which includes
deaths in their family.
Now, I'm not aware of
anyone who has directly
perished after
encountering these,
or has as a result of
encountering these things.
But that's a hard thing to say.
I've had people
ask me in the past.
The unsettling question is how
many people that vanish maybe
encountered these things?
And we just don't know.
We really don't know how
many people have let them in.
>>NOORY: I know when we first
met at a conference years
ago before I had you
on "Coast to Coast"
and you were telling me
about this, I'm saying,
I've got to get this guy on.
This is unbelievable.
And we have a couple topics
that just rivet people.
One, of course, is missing
people by David Paulides.
And then you, the
black eyed children,
which freaks people out, David.
They just can't handle it.
I don't know what I would do
if I go to the door of my house
and there are these three
children with their heads down
and then they kind
of look up at you
and they've got all black eyes.
That's scary stuff.
>>WEATHERLY: It's
very unsettling.
But you know, George,
I think that using
the term "paranormal"
just in general
to include UFOs and
hauntings and so forth.
I think any time you add the
element of children into that--
>>NOORY: Spooky.
>>WEATHERLY: --it
changes the dynamic.
>>NOORY: --ghosts, spooky.
>>WEATHERLY: Yeah.
Yeah.
And it not only
makes it creepier,
but it also makes it more
unsettling to us as humans.
>>NOORY: It's sad.
>>WEATHERLY: You can
see a hardened ghost
hunter in a location.
And when a child EVP
shows up or the spirit of
a child is reputed to be there--
>>NOORY: They can't handle it.
>>WEATHERLY: --it's
very different.
It's very disturbing
to us at a core level
that a child could be
trapped in spirit form.
So when we translate that
over to these encounters,
it's very unsettling that
some kind of negative entity
is able to take
the form of a child
in order to get through
to our emotional selves.
>>NOORY: There's
something going on.
They want something.
Maybe they want our souls.
>>WEATHERLY: Could be.
>>NOORY: The clip we used
from "The Watcher" series,
LA Marzulli's "Watcher" series.
Tell me a little bit
about these kids.
>>WEATHERLY: You know,
LA did a fantastic job
recreating that encounter.
And I tell you, George,
a lot of times people
will ask me what's the
most unsettling account
or disturbing account that
you've personally heard?
And for me, hands down it's
what's depicted in that video.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: Here's why.
That account was from a
young military man who
was visiting family in Texas.
And this fellow, he has
family all over Texas.
He's one of those guys
who likes to drive
when he has the opportunity.
And I'm that guy.
>>NOORY: It's a great past time.
>>WEATHERLY: I've driven
all over this country.
>>NOORY: Great past time.
>>WEATHERLY: And you
know, I'm the guy who
likes to get in the vehicle
and drive late at night
and see different territory
and different stars.
>>NOORY: I'm the same way as
long as it's 20 minutes away.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
So this fellow, he
decided he wanted
to visit a different portion
of his family hours away.
He's going to drive at night.
So gets his trip ready,
his thermos of coffee,
takes off in his truck.
And he's driving
under the stars.
He's in the middle
of nowhere, George.
Call of nature hits.
He pulls off on the
side of the road.
It's just kind of
small hills and desert.
And he walks off the
road for a little bit,
looking up at the stars.
He comes back after
he's finished.
Approaches his vehicle.
Here's this kid
standing by his truck.
>>NOORY: They just shows up.
>>WEATHERLY: Just as he puts
his hand on the-- this gentleman
has put his hand on the
door to open his truck,
and here's this kid.
I want to go for a ride.
>>NOORY: With that look.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
And here's a hardened
military guy.
He's like, what are you
doing out here, kid?
Same as these other encounters.
It develops to where this kid
is saying very simple phrases.
>>NOORY: Very pushy.
>>WEATHERLY: But
terrifying this man.
I want to get in your truck.
We can go for a ride now.
Very cold.
Very monotone.
This fellow, he's
immediately nervous.
He's looking around
because there's no houses.
He hasn't passed another
vehicle in God knows how long.
There are no lights from houses
anywhere as far as he can see.
He's wondering, how
did this kid get out
in the middle of nowhere?
So like these other
accounts, his level of fear
spikes to the point where
he jumps in his truck.
>>NOORY: Freaks out.
>>WEATHERLY: Guns the
engine and takes off.
He gets a few miles
down the road and--
>>NOORY: No.
>>WEATHERLY: --the military
training is kicking in.
He's thinking, wait a minute.
>>NOORY: This is crazy.
>>WEATHERLY: This is ridiculous.
>>NOORY: This is silly.
>>WEATHERLY: This is crazy.
You know, I'm a
trained military man--
>>NOORY: I just left this
poor little boy out there.
>>WEATHERLY: Exactly.
Hits a u-turn.
Goes back.
Drives very slow
enough to figure out
exactly where the spot was.
Gets out.
No.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>WEATHERLY: No sign
of this kid anywhere.
>>NOORY: I'm just
curious, David,
to see what would happen
if anybody acknowledged
this and brought them in.
What would happen?
>>WEATHERLY: Well, using the
case that we talked about
earlier--
>>NOORY: The little boy?
>>WEATHERLY: --with this little
boy encountering this child
and close--
>>NOORY: You get sick.
>>WEATHERLY:
--physical presence.
Yeah, you get sick.
There are a few people--
>>NOORY: I mean, has anybody
asked them specifically,
what do you want?
>>WEATHERLY: Oh, sure.
>>NOORY: Why are you here?
>>WEATHERLY: Sure.
But see, when you ask
them direct questions,
it always gets redirected.
>>NOORY: They don't answer.
>>WEATHERLY: They don't answer.
They don't answer.
>>NOORY: Almost like they're
incapable of answering?
>>WEATHERLY: It's very odd.
People have said that it
appears that these things are
trying to hypnotize the victims
because of the monotone speech.
It appears that
they're very unfamiliar
with everyday objects.
There was an account-- I thought
it was just kind of hilarious.
This woman was at home.
She's finishing a project.
She's by herself.
She's like 10 seconds
away from finishing
whatever she's working on.
And the knock
starts on the door.
And she's thinking, OK.
OK.
I've got to finish this.
But she can't take her mind off
that pounding, that knocking.
So in frustration, she
just throws the stuff down.
She goes to the door.
She flings it open.
And before it even
registers who's there,
she says, why don't you use
the bleep bleep doorbell?
She points at the doorbell.
>>NOORY: They don't
know what a doorbell is.
>>WEATHERLY: Exactly.
Standing on the porch are
these kids who look at her
and look at the doorbell and
look at her several times
like--
>>NOORY: What is that?
Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: Exactly.
It's like the men
in black stories,
with not knowing what
a fork is or something.
>>NOORY: Does this
happen worldwide?
>>WEATHERLY: It does.
>>NOORY: It does.
You know, when I first started
looking at the cases, of course
I was getting ones
that were domestic.
And I thought, OK,
maybe this is regional.
Because there are clusters
in the United States.
If you live in Texas
or the Midwest,
you're probably much more
likely to encounter them.
There's a whole
cluster in California.
But then they start to spread
out the more you probe into it.
So a lot surfaced from Florida.
Then I started getting
cases from abroad.
>>NOORY: Are we getting more
or less cases than we used to?
>>WEATHERLY: I think
there are more,
but there are a lot more people
that are tracking them now.
Several investigators--
>>NOORY: Since you
came on our radio show,
it's gotten bigger and bigger.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
Right.
And you know, I can't
honestly take all the credit.
I mean, Jason Offutt was
writing about these things,
Brad Steiger.
Other people were tracking them.
They just didn't do a
complete comprehensive study
of the phenomena.
But now, as you say, more
people are looking at it.
And more and more
accounts all the time.
I get these accounts
all the time, George.
And they can come from
Australia, England, South
Africa.
It's virtually everywhere,
these things are showing up.
>>NOORY: Should people be
afraid of these entities, David?
>>WEATHERLY: I think so because
I have never in all this time
heard of a positive response
or a positive experience
from encountering these kids.
>>NOORY: And you get
sick somehow afterward,
like that little boy.
>>WEATHERLY: A lot of people do.
It seems the closer
the proximity--
>>NOORY: Do you touch them?
>>WEATHERLY: --the more risk.
>>NOORY: Has anybody
touched them?
>>WEATHERLY: You
know, they have.
A few people have reached
down and touched these kids.
And they report
very strange things.
There was a woman who
reached down and touched
one of these kids and said
that the coldness of this child
was just overwhelming.
She couldn't believe
that it was just--
>>NOORY: Like the kid came
out of a refrigerator.
>>WEATHERLY: Right.
And she told me in confidence,
she said, you know,
it feels like
touching a dead body.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEATHERLY: It's so cold.
She reported the weird
texture to the skin.
Now, she became ill after
touching this child.
So the closer the proximity,
the more misfortune
there seems to be.
>>NOORY: What if they're dead?
What if they're dead people that
have somehow zombie-like came
back?
>>WEATHERLY: You know, there
are so many possibilities
with these things.
There really are.
You know, everybody
has a theory.
And that's what makes
it so fascinating.
And there are so many ways
to argue the theories.
You know, you could
argue that they're
some type of spirit because of
the way they vanish suddenly,
and the way they
seemingly materialize.
You could argue
that maybe they're
some kind of alien hybrid.
You know, they certainly
have that rather compelling
similarity to the alien grays.
You know, that iconic picture of
the grays with the huge glaring
eyes.
>>NOORY: Maybe that
is indeed their shape.
Maybe they aren't taking
a child's body or look.
Maybe that's what they
look like in real life.
>>WEATHERLY: This
is very possible.
>>NOORY: How about adults?
You mention that there are
some black eyed adults, but not
a lot.
>>WEATHERLY: More of those
cases starting to show up.
You know, some people
think that it's
because of the evolution
of the phenomena that well,
if these kids are out
there, then obviously there
would probably be adults.
>>NOORY: That's
a little jarring.
>>WEATHERLY: It is.
I think so, too.
The adults.
When I first started
looking at the cases,
there weren't many reports
of black eyed adults.
And the ones that were there, I
had to really look at carefully
and say well, you know, there's
possibility for hoax here.
Back when I wrote the book and
was originally investigating
it, of course you could
buy full sclera contact
lenses for sci fi effects.
>>NOORY: That looked black.
>>WEATHERLY: They used
to be very expensive.
They've come down
in price a lot now.
But back then,
they were somewhere
in the range of $300 for a pair.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>WEATHERLY: That's not
something that kids--
>>NOORY: Now they're
novelty items.
>>WEATHERLY: Yeah.
Now they're novelty items.
But you know,
that's a whole track
that I really looked at when
I was writing the book just
to see OK, let's look at this
from every possible angle.
And see what all the
possibilities for false reports
are.
So at the time, the few
reports of adults that came in
were very questionable.
Now, since then, there
have been more encounters
that are quite unsettling
with these black eyed adults.
And there's a
distinct possibility
that we're seeing more
of these entities.
>>NOORY: If you let them
in-- children or adults--
if you let them in, what
do you think could happen?
It's all speculation, I know.
>>WEATHERLY: That's
a big question mark.
Yeah, it is speculation.
I would think that
at the very least,
some kind of dire illness.
Because from all accounts,
anyone who is in that
close proximity to these
kids for very long, that's
what happens.
>>NOORY: But I don't think
they come in to get you sick.
I think that's a byproduct
of what they are.
>>WEATHERLY: Sure.
>>NOORY: It's like touching
radiation on a UFO.
I don't think the craft wanted
to hurt you, the occupants.
But it happens.
It's the offshoot of that.
>>WEATHERLY: And
that's a good analogy.
You know, it's a
result of whatever
their-- gosh, for lack of
a better word-- whatever
their vibration is.
Who knows what kind of
even physical toxins--
>>NOORY: Somehow
you just-- yeah.
Or they could have a virus--
>>WEATHERLY: --that
are natural to them.
>>NOORY: They could
be giving off a virus.
>>WEATHERLY: That's right.
>>NOORY: Who knows.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you, David?
Or what is your website?
>>WEATHERLY: My website is
twocrowsparanormal.blogspot.com.
>>NOORY: Spell that out.
>>WEATHERLY: It is
t-w-o-c-r-o-w-s paranormal dot
blogspot dot com.
>>NOORY: And the name of
the book, "The Black Eyed
Children."
>>WEATHERLY: "Black
Eyed Children."
>>NOORY: I love it.
Great job, David.
>>WEATHERLY: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Great job.
Hey, the next time several
children come to your door
and they lift their heads up
and they've got black eyes,
do not let them in.
Trust me.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]